README.md, before:

[![License badge for GNU Affero General Public License v3.0 or later](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPL--3.0--or--later-informational)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0-standalone.html)

# Finnish Game Jam 2024

This is our contribution for the finnish game jam 2024.

## Authors

- Sabine M. Heyne @smheyne
- Dominik Viererbe @dviererbe

## License

Copyright (C) 2024 Kugelschaf

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or *(at your option)* any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License along with this program. If not, see <<https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>>.

Commit message:

docs: Add game title & description

README.md, after:

[![License badge for GNU Affero General Public License v3.0 or later](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPL--3.0--or--later-informational)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0-standalone.html)

# Mealtime Mayhem: Zookeeper Chronicles

This is our contribution for the finnish game jam 2024 (see https://globalgamejam.org/games/2024/mealtime-mayhem-zookeeper-chronicles-2).

## Description

"I didn't order plain shell fish! I demand sushi!" – This is what a normal day for the zookeeper at Mayhem City can sound like. But it doesn't need to! In this transportation management chaos you feed the animals in the zoo. Remember what they want to eat, don't forget about their dietary restrictions and remember the school tour coming to visit the penguins at 11:00. Oh, and the medicine for the ice bear! And if you get it wrong, the animals might be mad. Or face it, they will be.

## Authors

- Sabine M. Heyne @smheyne
- Dominik Viererbe @dviererbe

## License

Copyright (C) 2024 Kugelschaf

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or *(at your option)* any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public License along with this program. If not, see <<https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>>.
